The goal of the project is to create a frontend part
of a web application for the company "TravelTrucks",
which rents campers. The web application should include
several pages, including a home page, a catalog page,
and a page for an individual camper with reviews and a booking form.

To implement the functionality of working with camper
ads in your frontend application, use the ready-made
backend API, which is available at the
link: https://66b1f8e71ca8ad33d4f5f63e.mockapi.io/campers

Its main endpoints are:

GET /campers to get all ads (you can add parameters for filtering)

GET /campers/:id to get ad details by its ID

Project requirements:

1. Framework and libraries:

The work is done using the Vite bundler on React.
Redux for state management.
React Router for routing.
Axios library is used for requests.
Any CSS library of your choice
(for example, CSS modules, styled-components, MUI, etc.).

2. Main pages:

Home page: should contain a banner with the main call to action.
Catalog: a page where all available vehicles are displayed with
the ability to filter by certain criteria (location, type of
transport, availability of air conditioning, kitchen, etc.)
and the ability to add a camper to favorites.
Individual camper page: a page with a detailed description
of the selected camper, a photo gallery, user
reviews, a booking form. To describe features,
use the following properties, if they are
present on this camper: transmission, engine, 
C, bathroom, kitchen, TV, radio, refrigerator,
microwave, gas, water. To describe details,
use the following properties: form, length,
width, height, tank, consumption.

3. Routing:

/ - Home page.
/catalog - Catalog page.
/catalog/:id - Individual camper page.

4. Application state:

Use Redux to manage state.
Create a global state to store the vehicle list,
filter state, and favorites list.
When sending a query for filtered vehicles,
it is important to first reset the previous
search results to ensure that the displayed
data is relevant and accurate according to
the new filtering criteria.

5. Functional requirements:

Go to the catalog page: the user should be able to
click on the "View Now" button on the main page to go to the catalog page.
Vehicle filtering: the user should be able to filter vehicles by:
— location (text field)

— body type (one body type can be selected)

— presence of air conditioning, kitchen, and other criteria
(multiple criteria can be selected).

Favorites: the user should be able to add vehicles to
the list of favorites. The list of selected campers
should be saved when the page is refreshed.
The rental price should be written as a single value
(for example, 8000). In the UI - displayed with a comma (8000.00).
Go to the details page: the user should be able to
click on the "Show more" button on the vehicle card
on the catalog page to go to a page with a detailed
description of this vehicle in a new browser tab.
Loading cards: The catalog page should have a "Load More"
button, which, when clicked, loads additional vehicle cards
taking into account the selected filters.
Reviews: The individual camper page should display reviews
from other users who rate the camper on a five-star scale.
Booking form: The user should be able to book a camper by
filling out a form on the individual camper page. The
result of successfully submitting the form should be
a notification about a successful booking.

6. Design:

Follow the provided layout https://www.figma.com/design/6vTbzaB3EPgOreQz2jOJJe/Campers.
The layout should be made for the desktop version.
Adaptability can be implemented as desired.

7. Development:

Use a component-based approach.
Follow the DRY (Don't Repeat Yourself) principle.
Write clean and readable code with comments where necessary.

I send you pages screanshots

1. home_page.png
2. catalog_page.png
3. details_page.png
4. revievs_page.png
5. ui_kit.png
